add mongo db to docker compose (#220)
Deseteral/lebkuchen-fm: README.md

Helper script `scripts/docker_db_local.sh` runs MongoDB and binds ports for local development.\
To stop container run `scripts/docker_db_local.sh stop`.

> #### Docker compose

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Docker Compose
```

> You can also run this app via docker compose. It has mongo db already configured. Just pass other necessary config variables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also run this app via Docker Compose. It has MongoDB already configured. Just pass other necessary config variables.
```
